Mr. Gu, why did you come in?
Zipper Taika
My hands are weak
Please help me pull it. Okay.
I'll help you out first
Mr. Gu, slow down
I don't remember the feel after I got the eight-pack abs.
What a pity!
Mr. Gu, don't move yet
I'll zip it up for you.
Ah!
You did it on purpose
I'm not.
It was a mistake. It was a mistake.
Mr. Du
Ah, let me get you a dress from here.
The workmanship of this dress on you is so rough.
It must be uncomfortable to wear
Change it now
Which eye did you see that I was uncomfortable wearing?
Don't you never wear Dylan clothes?
It's not worn before.
I feel comfortable wearing it now, okay?
Light Snow
I've noticed that you've been talking a little too much lately
Is it too idle?
I've been working overtime at the company these days.
If you are so busy, please hurry back to the company.
It's enough to have Jiangmi here
Obviously you asked me to bring my pajamas
With a female secretary, you dislike me
Mr. Gu, it's getting late
Why don't you rest early?